Lilliana Robinson: Okay, guys. So
Lilliana Robinson: let's see, 2 weeks ago we walked you through the demo day format. So you guys are all ready. And we told you in 2 weeks that we would start prepping. This workshop always marks the start of like our demo day prep season. So after this workshop
Lilliana Robinson: it'll be expected that you guys start working on it. What Troy talks about today? And Troy's actually going to come back
Lilliana Robinson: at least twice for each group to do pitch practices with you guys, so he'll want to see a delta in the time between each of those. So he's super generous with his time. Try always does this for our founders, which I'm very grateful for. But today we're gonna just start from the ground level, like what what is even expected, what demo day pitches look like. What did they used to look like? What is what is best practice now. So I'm gonna hand it over to Troy, and then we'll pepper in
Lilliana Robinson: at the end with your objectives. Going out of this workshop, and what's expected from you in the coming weeks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Great. All right, thanks, Eliana. So the first thing I do want to talk about this is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I originally created this presentation for the old style. Demo Day pitches, and we're going to see one of those old style Demo Day pitches, and because I think it sets the bar very high for you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I think, if you understand what it took to create that that you will find that it will. And if you follow the process when you're creating your 1 min pitch. It will be so much easier than what's you're gonna see in this 8 9 min pitch right? Because a 1 min pitch is much, much, much easier.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but some of the concepts are still very, very relevant and very, very important. So think of this as a little bit, general, and then we'll we'll tie it to the to what you're doing for demo Day here. So I need to share my screen and sound and video because we're gonna have some of that, and I will share my screen. And then I will go into this alright
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: creating great presentations.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the first thing you have to be very clear of is what is the goal of the presentation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it is different, depending on what you're doing right. If you're doing an elevator pitch. What's the goal?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That was a question.
Nelson Mitchell: Ease them.
Jeremy Banning: Follow up meeting, or more.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, it's too intrigue them to get them interested to get the next meeting, to get them to say, Hey, can we talk about this more right? A Vc pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: while you may think the goal is to get a check. The goal is usually, if it's your first pitch, it's to get the next meeting again, because, you know, nobody writes a check after one meeting. Demo Day pitch. So what is your goal at Demo Day?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What do you want to achieve? How do you know if you had a successful demo day?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Be good.
Arthur Fields: Local meetings.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, it it for most of you who are raising money, it's about follow up meetings. And so literally, when I would coach the companies at Techstar, Chicago. When I was running it, I said, Listen, if you think of Demo Day as a game.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the company that gets the most
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: meeting scheduled in the next 48 h. During the next 48 h, 48 h from now the company that has the most follow-up meeting scheduled is the company that one demo day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and that means you have to plan for that, both in how you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: how you deliver your pitch and your interview and your demo video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you got to work the room
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: cause that stuff just doesn't happen automatically. To use one of my favorite words. I see some of you laughing. It doesn't happen automatically, right? You gotta really work the room. And you've gotta make a commitment that you are at Demo Day. Yeah, you wanna celebrate. But I got news for you. You can celebrate with your friends the day after
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Demo Day, you, when when there's networking after the presentations you are working that room, and you should each be helping each other. So when you're talking to potential investors or angels that you know, ask them questions like, hey? Which of the companies did you like the best? Who did you? Who did you think was the most interesting?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And if all of you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: cumulatively say we're going to help each other. So when someone says, Oh, I really liked, what was that company that was doing? That AI thing that was with the camera and like, Oh, let me introduce you to them, and you'll drag them over and bring them over. What about that one with the trading and those bars that was real. Oh, let me introduce you, and if you're all working the room and helping each other.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you're all going to get, you're all going to get more meetings. And so it really is important.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: While we're talking about this, I'll throw something else out there that I don't know if Liliana covered before or not. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: are we gonna have? We're gonna have all 24 companies pitching at once. Correct.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: follow it back to it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Hard.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So it's hard to stand out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so one of the things that will make it easier for the investors if you all.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Each have a uniform, and by uniform I really mean a T-shirt.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but you know most people will have a T-shirt with a particular color, but you should try to coordinate between you. So you don't have 5 teams that all have royal blue T-shirts.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? So someone should pick royal blue. Someone else should pick neon yellow. Someone else should put red someone else, so that it's easy for the investors to both remember the colors and what they saw on stage, and who they want to talk to, and they can spot you in the crowd so literally. At Chicago we used to have a little sign up Sheet, and everybody would sign up on a little Google sheet of what color their shirts were. Gonna be for demo day, and I'll never forget when
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: growth geeks, which was a growth hacking company they had like these bright pink shirts. And he's like, Yeah, we got the bright pink. We're the easiest to spot. We're the growth hackers like standing out is important, cause you have to stand out from the crowd. So that's a little aside. Demo Day pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: On on that. I hadn't shared that with you guys. If you're the person on stage, what some founders have shared is like they feel more comfortable dressing, more fancy like they wanna wear a suit, or they wanna wear a dress. Have your team wear the T-shirt so like someone should be recognizable, or have the T-shirt under your suit jacket, or whatever it is. This isn't a requirement, but the people that do it, I think, get a lot more engagement because you're easily recognizable in this hundreds of people, you know.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And even if like if I were doing a Demo day pitch, I'd be comfortable wearing a T-shirt. But if I didn't wanna wear a T-shirt. I wanna wear sport coat. I'd wear sport coat over my very brightly colored T-shirt that matched all of my teammates and was distinctive from everybody else. So that would be my style. But you can do it. However, you want. So demo Day pitch the goal is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to stand out and to get those next meetings by the way, pitch competitions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So many people enter pitch competitions. Knowing I want to win the 5 grand. I want to win the 20 grand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: they fail to ask.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: How is the pitch competition being judged?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What is the criteria you're using to pick the winner?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And, by the way, pitch competitions do a crappy job of this, too, because I'm a judge at a lot of these, and I'll show up, and I'll be asked to be a judge on first thing I do in the meeting ahead of time, like, how are we judging them? They're like, I don't know. The best pitch wins like best pitch. Does that mean the one that was designed the best? Does that mean the one that has raised the most money already? Does that mean the one that is likely to raise? Is it the one I want to invest in? Is it the one that had the best compelling story like you have. So for
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: those of you who are going to be in pitch competitions, I strongly urge you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when you sign up. The first thing you should do is, communicate with the people running it and saying, What is the criteria? What is the rubric?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Because if you don't know the rules of the game, you can't win the game. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: all right, that's pitch competitions. I'm seeing there's a bunch of chat messages, and I'm not really keeping up with them, because I'm.
Lilliana Robinson: You're good, Troy. I got you. Everyone's just calling young colors now.
Lilliana Robinson: The oh.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I distracted them. Sorry, Oops, so I'll just put that off to the side. Then, Ok. Structure for a great pitch. So you know, you want to stand out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you know you want
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to have the most meetings afterwards.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the format here is that you're going to give a straight up pitch. You're going to have a video, and you're going to have an interview.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I suggest
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that you have a very clear objective
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for each of those sections.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you don't have to do them in any particular order.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Usually the interview is third.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Usually people open up with their pitch, and then they say, hey? And now look at a demo.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you could start with the demo if you need that context, and then go into your pitch and your pitch in this particular case doesn't have slides. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you have one slide that's up behind you. Correct, Liliana.
Lilliana Robinson: During the pitch. There are. No, there's no slide. It'll come up when the Eir.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Just a
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: there's just a okay. So it's totally blank. So it's so it's a verbal pitch. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but you want to have a really clear objective. What are you trying to do with the pitch part? What are you trying to accomplish
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: with the demo part or the video part? And what are you trying to accomplish in the interview?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And, for example, generically, this isn't specific to any company. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: maybe in the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: pitch part, I really want to get their attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I want them to see the potential for how big of a problem this is, how big of a market it is and why I am amazingly fit to be the CEO of this company, and to take it to be a giant company. And then in the demo I want to give that context. I want them to believe that this is the best product in this market. And here are the 3 reasons why.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then I'm going to use the Q. And a.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: To sell into many of the objections that I've been getting when I talk to mentors and investors, people say, well, your market's not big enough. So then let's in the Q. And a. Have the person, and you get to with the QAI think you know this but
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: your mentor, and you will coordinate. What are the questions to be asked?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so, if you need to sell into market size, you're going to have your mentor ask, hey? You know this doesn't feel like a very big market. Why should I be interested in this?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you talk about how big the market is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then the next objection that you continually get when you're pitching
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you sell into that objection.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then, of course, you want to have him give you him or her. Give you a question that allows you to, you know, close tightly, sell and ask people for input you want to have your ask what your call to action is for them. So it's really important to be super intentional. Now let's talk about a pitch. And again. This is a little more generic.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it still applies to what you're doing here. But this was designed more for the the more traditional Demo day pitch. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you got to have a big opening. Here's the deal. You've got 10 to 15 s to get people's attention, or they're on their phones.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So my strong advice is, do not open with Hi. My name's Troy Hannikov. I'm the managing director of math venture partners, and I'm so glad you all came here. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I just wasted 15 s. They are bored and they're on their phones.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So you have to open with something that's going to get their attention. There are a number of techniques to do this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You could say something surprising that they don't expect
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you could talk about a giant problem that's really compelling.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You can talk about a big
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: dollar amount, a big market. There are a lot of different ways to do this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But literally, we're going to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We're going to go through the slide process. I know you're not necessarily doing Slide. You're not doing slides when you're pitching, but you should still think about it in terms of if you had a slide up there, my first
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: action, and maybe you'll be practicing with little 3 by 5 cards. You have an objective, and the first objective has got to be, get their attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The next thing is that when you're giving a pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: one mistake that many entrepreneurs make is like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I got to throw everything in here but the kitchen sink. I am going to put everything in. I'm going to talk about my go to market strategy. I'm going to talk about my team. I'm going to talk about customers. I'm going to talk about unit economics. I'm going to talk.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And the problem is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that your audience doesn't have the attention to remember or the ability to remember 10 things. And so what would happen? I I tell this story. My daughter loved demo days, and when we were practicing for demo days and stuff, she said, what companies did you hear? What, what did they talk about?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And if they talked about 10 things I'd only remember 3 of them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but they might not be the right 3.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right? Think about it. You have 3 most important ones. You'd want me to remember when I was at the dinner table telling it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But maybe I remembered the 3 least important to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it's very easy to solve, for only give me the 3 that are the most important.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And the way I think about that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I am able to land. If the audience hears that this is a giant market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that I have great margins and I'm already getting traction.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Are they going to be interested?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, maybe that's right. Again, I use generic terms. The more specific you are the better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I wanted it to be particular.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I want you to be particular. So you know, for your business. Think about what are the 3 points that if they believe these 3 things they're going to want the next meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and that's what you want to put. You only want to make those 3 points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Please close with the call to action.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: When you do these pitches. The call to action is probably come, talk to me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: seek me out. I want to meet you, you know. I don't know what the rules are around specifically asking for investment. I'll let. I'll let Liliana and Neil and the team take care of that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then this one. Frankly, I stole from David Cohen show. Don't tell
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to the best. That's why we have the video, the demo video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I can tell you about my great product all you want. But it's not going to feel real.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: One of the biggest
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: reasons for doing the demo video
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is to make it feel real
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: literally. That could be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Your objective of the demo is that they feel that this is a real product with real customers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's really hard to do that with
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: very easy to do that with video. Huh?
Lucas Lu: Isn't what.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we had someone not muted. I got him.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right, so show don't tell.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then this last
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: pieces well, it's not next last pieces. Stories are what make things stick so it's very hard to remember a bunch of facts, but it's really easy to remember a story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: There's a really great book called Made to Stick. It was a New York Times bestseller about 10 years ago it was Orange, with duct tape on the cover. It's written by the Heath Brothers. They one of them's the professor at Stanford, and the other one. I forgot what he does. It's an awesome book, and you have time now. You have 30 days till Demo day almost.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I would strongly recommend.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: get a copy of made to stick
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and read through it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's not a textbook, it's fun. It's full of stories, and they talk about how, when you tell a story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it helps you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it helps your ideas stick with the audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then I love this quote.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: which is, people don't remember what you say nearly as much as they remember how you made them feel.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and if you have the kind of business
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that can give people goosebumps when they talk about it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It is incredible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It is really impactful. And people will remember you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: God, I want to talk to that company that was doing that thing saving lives.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I want to talk to that company. It was doing that thing that that you know
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: my family would have needed, or, you know, is going to take people out of poverty, or whatever the whatever the emotional thing is. If you can get emotion.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it's incredibly incredibly powerful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: signal versus noise. Do we have any engineers in the audience? What does this mean? Signal versus noise?
Jeremy Banning: Getting the most impression important message out
Jeremy Banning: outside of the clutter.
Jeremy Banning: making it stand out more outside of the clutter. Yeah.
Tomiwa: Proof of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I'm going to very much date myself.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But in the old days car stereos used to have a little dial, and you would turn the dial to tune the frequency.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it would be staticky.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you start hearing a little music, a little music, and when you got it right in the center. The most part you had the most music and the least static.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That was signal versus noise.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: When you are
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: talking, when you're giving your pitch when you are giving your video demo.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you want all signal. No noise. This goes for, for you know any kind of pitch you're doing whether it's a Demo day pitch, whether it's a pitch competition, whether it's a Vc pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This isn't like writing a book report in eighth grade where you need 4 pages. So you're going to put a bunch of filler in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if you only have. If you have 8 min to give your pitch, and you only have 6 min worth of content.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Make it 6 min worth of punchy content.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Do not have extra words. Do not have Filler
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: hit the 3 big points you want to hit, reinforce them, appropriate close with a call to action. You're done.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Any excess words, any excess noise will be a distraction
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: signal versus noise. That's why I have it in such big font.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But the most important thing
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I said stories are, what stick is that? You get the story right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And here's my process for getting the story right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I would do this
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for both
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: your video, which you're going to script with potentially slides. And maybe video. However, you're going to do it, and your pitch itself, your pitch itself. You're not going to actually have slides, but I would think about it as index cards that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you will not use the index cards on stage. But when you're first practicing, you're gonna have, you could have a series of index cards that are like, Oh, first I wanna get their attention. Next, I wanna talk about the size of the market. Next, I wanna talk about our go to market strategy, whatever those things are right. And we start when we build a pitch. And I'm gonna show you a video of a live pitch from techstar, Chicago.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They all started with this simple process.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Every slide starts with black text on a white background.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No special fonts, no special images, just black text and a white background.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and each slide at the bottom of it, we typically use the notes section of a slide had the word objective, and what the objective of that slide is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if you don't have an objective for a slide, you should not have it, and you should not have more than one objective per slide.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we'll go through some examples. But the objective may be first slide. Maybe get their attention next slide. Maybe
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: show them it's a giant market. The next slide might be, show them. We have an unfair advantage in customer acquisition. The next slide may be we have an amazing team, but each slide has an objective, and this does 2 things for you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: One is, it helps you tell a story. If you read just the objectives they should tell a nice logical story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 2 is. It helps you, as the one presenting to know what the objective is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it's easy to talk to an objective if you have it, and you don't have to worry about memorizing every single word.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: If I know the purpose of this slide is to talk about how big the market is, I can come up with some words on the fly that talk about how big the market is, and if I know the purpose of the next slide is, talk about a customer acquisition. I know I can come up with those words. I don't have to memorize every single word.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The people who try to memorize every single word
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: get stuck. We had one of them who got stuck
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: at Demo Day in San Francisco in January.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and what happened was the same thing that happens to a 3 year old doing the Abcs.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They get stuck. They're like A, BCDE, FGH,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a, BCDE, FGHI, HI,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and they keep rewinding and starting over again, because that's the only way they get in the pattern. You don't want to be that 3 year old on stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Now. The person who did it at Demo date played through the audience was supportive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but it was because she was trying to memorize every word, and when she skipped one word the whole rhythm was broken.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This is why you're much better off
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: having a series of objectives. I got to talk about the market size. I got to talk about customer acquisition. I got to talk about having bullet points. Basically.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: By the way, at this level there are no pictures, no graphs. We're going to throw out these slides low fidelity prototype like we're going to. We. The worst thing you can do is take a bunch of slides you've already built.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Say, I want to get this cool pie shirt. I want to get this cool bar graph. I want to get this, and you put them together, and you have what I call a Frankenstein pitch. You have the head from one the body from another. It's horrible, it really is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so you don't want to have a Frankenstein pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You want to have a well
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: organized logical pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: I add him here, try
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Cause they're asking like we don't have slides, do we? Well, while you don't have slides for your pitch, you have one slide for your QA. This is also relevant when you're building your investor slide deck as well as for this pitch. So I highly recommend you doing this to build your 1 min pitch, whether on a Google, Doc or Google slides like Troy, is saying, like, Plan out your objective for each segment of the pitch. There will be multiple segments like 4 or 5 within that 1 min.
Lilliana Robinson: so that you know that you're hitting on each thing. So start with that storyline outline, even though we're not gonna have slides. Just black text, white background. So you can click through. And then you'll always be able to have these anchors when you fill it in with text like Troy is saying so. This is extremely relevant, whether you're doing a full pitch deck or not.
Lilliana Robinson: and it sounds like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I'm also.
Lilliana Robinson: There's just another question. Troy, go ahead.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I'm also trying to give you more than just how you do this deck. I want you to have a skill of being able to present anywhere anytime. And you're going to be presenting in front of what are we going to have? 4 500 people something like that?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I want you to be comfortable, presenting in front of that size crowd any time in the future of your life.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And this is kind of my formula for how you do that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And even when you think.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then.
Lilliana Robinson: You can't cause like Troy saying like, when you see all those people, it's a completely different circumstance than practicing in your room.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And like, in one of the last techstars we have in Chicago, one of the teams was practicing. So it's really good. If you can give your pitch while you're distracted, you know you can give it anywhere. And so they had their pitch. They had it nailed, and they went on public transportation on the Chicago L. They were like on the red line or something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and they had people like just a train full of car, a car full car full of people, a train car full of people, and just started giving their pitch. And then some people who were there were like heckling them and their their teammates were heckling them. And if you can give your pitch on a moving train car with people you don't know and people heckling you. You've got it down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. The last piece of this is yeah, there, there is a video of it. The last piece of this is that it's so important that you create a story. I'm coming back.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 2.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The book made to stick create a story. So what I will do
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when I
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: review pitch decks for people.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I will first just write down the objectives of every slide.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it's like an outline of a story, and it better make sense, and I can't. I just did this last week for someone at Kellogg. And literally, it was like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, big opening great market. Go to market strategy, big market. We're gonna sell a lot. I'm like you are bouncing back and forth. It makes no sense right? Because they went from market to size and market to selling to size and market again, like you wanna have a smooth, flowing story. If you have a smooth, flowing story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: everything is going to tie together. People are going to remember it. It's going to make logical sense, and they're going to like you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the other part about a story. And you're going to see this in the video that you watch in a second
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is, if you tie the beginning, the big opening
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to the ending
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and tie it up in a bow, or you refer back to it. It just makes it feel really cohesive. Think about those movies where the opening scene ties to the closing scene. And you're like, oh, that's how it all fits together. Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I'll give you some examples. So this is, you know, keynote here I have on the bottom huge objective, huge potential market
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: trey. I have a title to.
Lilliana Robinson: Before you move on here. I think Antonio had a question on the last slide. He's had his hand up for a bit.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh, I can't see.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, no, that's fine. I got this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Ishma.
Lilliana Robinson: That's.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yes, so just a follow up question what Liliana was saying, how how can use this structure for the 1 min pitch? So it sounds like, from what you were saying, Troy, that we can in a way like build 5 slides like one with a big opening, 3 slides for the 3 key takeaways and one slide for the closing closing thing would be a good preparation to the 1 min pitch. Having these 5 slides that we can visualize
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and and and talk off of it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a hundred percent. I think if I were doing it I would probably have 5 or so index cards, so that I have them portable, and I can just thumb through them because all they're gonna have is on them, really as an objective, and maybe some bullet points. But I would be starting to practice with the index cards, and then I would put the index cards away and be able to deliver it, and if on your index cards. If you're visual, like I am. Maybe you have a little icon for each one that helps you. Remember what the objective is, or a visual graph.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or whatever it is. But yes, you would. I would absolutely create a story
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like this, even for your verbal only pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so this is what it looks like when you're doing it in a deck, you start out. You can see there in the speaker notes. I wrote huge or objective, huge potential market. So my objective is to convey how big this market is. I put a title on the slide in black text with white background, and then I'm like, oh, I think I want a bar graph for the market size from 2,01020, 20, actual and projected.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't do any more than that, it's only black text on a white background. If by the time I'm done with this, I decide, this is what I want, I will probably have changed that tech. Oh, I don't want a bar graph. I want a light. I really want a pie chart, and I want no, I want a photograph of someone in the Stock Exchange, and at some point when I nail it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I will then make this slide beautiful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and if I know that what I'm trying to do is show there's a huge potential market. There are a lot of different ways. I can show that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But if I'm sure if I am indeed showing it's a huge potential market. I don't have to worry about how it relates to the other slides because it will, because I each slide has an objective, and if I meet the objective on each slide, I've got a great story, and it's awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so this is what I mean when I say low fidelity prototype. No more than that. By the way, when you get to the next stage, if you're building this, for for instance.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know a traditional pitch competition or a Vc. Deck
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when you get to the do, I really want it to be a pie chart. What I would do to make the Low Fidelity prototype is they'd go to a whiteboard.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I take 10 s and draw a pie chart, take a photo of it off my phone and and paste the photo in here. I don't wanna spend any time dealing with tools and making things. Fancy until I know. Oh, the pie chart doesn't look right. I think it should be a bar graph, and then I can take a photo of a bar graph that took me 10 s and plug it in. Oh, that's better. That conveys it better. And then, once I have that low fidelity prototype, and it's right. Then you make it look beautiful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. We are going to watch a pitch. This is a company that was in Techstar, Chicago, 2,015.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it was 15 and I want to tell you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that Mark, who is the CEO here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I want to tell you a little bit more about how we created this. So he is a total.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: nerdy, introverted technologist.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: He was scared to death of getting on stage. He was on the main stage at the House of Blues in Chicago with 500 people in the audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: He did an amazing job.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: There are 2 key elements to his having done an amazing job. We followed the path that I showed you. We started with black text on a white background slide. Everyone had an objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We refined it, refined it, refined it. That process of refined. I met with him every day for 30 days, as I did with each of my companies. We put a lot of time into this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and at the end of the process we had an amazing pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and he practiced it and practiced it to the point where it was just he could have done it. Standing on his head. He could have done it on the L. Train. He could have done it anywhere.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you will see his delivery is awesome. There are no extra words. I want you to pay attention to the elements.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Big opening how he finishes, how he tells a story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I'm gonna just let it play. It is much longer than you guys have for this. But I want you to get an idea of what how good a pitch could be. The one last thing I want you to pay attention to is when most people think about creating a deck. They put a lot of words on the deck, and then they read the audience the words that are on the deck.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: There are almost 0 words on this deck, and you will see that the Dac. The images are reinforcing
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what his words are. They are not duplicating. So I'm gonna hit. Play on this, Liliana. If you could just yell over the sound and make sure you you can hear the sound, because I can't see you but if you could just let me know that you can hear the sound when it starts. That would be great. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Have you ever seen a ups truck make a left hand turn?
Lilliana Robinson: You might have heard that Ups is so obsessed with efficiency that their trucks are forbidden from making left hand turns.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, let me tell you that's bullshit.
Lilliana Robinson: My name is Mark, founder of Ratific, and I'm not here to bullshit you. I'm here to tell you a true story of Alex, the CEO of local libations.
Lilliana Robinson: one of the 42 customers currently paying for routific. They deliver 100,000 bottles of bear across the city of Austin every week. Alex's job is to make sure all his deliveries are on time, and to do this. He used to spend 2 h every morning manually planning his routes with excel spreadsheets.
Lilliana Robinson: Then he and his team zigzagged across town, racing to get everything done
Lilliana Robinson: while he covered every stop.
Lilliana Robinson: Alex knew there had to be a more efficient route for his trucks.
Lilliana Robinson: but he couldn't figure it out.
Lilliana Robinson: His logistics had become such a bottleneck that Alex was forced to turn down business.
Lilliana Robinson: So how did he solve this?
Lilliana Robinson: Did he buy more trucks?
Lilliana Robinson: Nope. Did he avoid left hand turns. No, Alex was smarter than that. He googled Route optimization and found us. Let me show you how rotific changed Alex's world
Lilliana Robinson: this morning. Alex took his list of 57 stops and dropped it into retific.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, and, by the way, with 57 stops, you already have 40 Quattro vegetarian possible permutations, each of which represents a delivery schedule for Alex.
Lilliana Robinson: The routing problem is considered one of the hardest problems
Lilliana Robinson: in computer science.
Lilliana Robinson: But for a
Lilliana Robinson: Troy I think we lost your network.
Arthur Fields: Troy, take a break.
Nelson Mitchell: Think? He stepped away.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. He'll be back in a second.
Nelson Mitchell: That's a lot of permutation.
Lilliana Robinson: It was just getting good.
Nelson Mitchell: I know.
Valeria Brenner: See what he needs to have the slides like adding on to what he's saying and not like. There's almost no text. And it's really well done.
Valeria Brenner: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: This is a great example. Trey chose program.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So, Liliana, you said that we're not gonna have as lights behind us when we do.
Lilliana Robinson: This is the old way of doing things. Joy shows this video because it's still a great example for some principles, core principles. So you'll see we'll talk about it at the end.
Lilliana Robinson: But this is also you guys might give full on pitches for investors, and so it's still good to be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What happened?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we lost your network.
Lilliana Robinson: It it froze.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then I and then I dialed man.
Lilliana Robinson: So on the so you're invisible right now, Jamaid, that's super cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: There you are!
Lilliana Robinson: There we go.
Lilliana Robinson: We were on the permutations.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright! Do you want? You want me to try again?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Can you fast forward to where he has, like the
Lilliana Robinson: the perm number of permutations as we're.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me see if I can do that. Alright. I've got us. I've got to share again
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: make sure I'm sharing with sound optimize for video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Have you.
Lilliana Robinson: We can hear it
Lilliana Robinson: possible permutations, each of which represents a delivery schedule. For Alex.
Lilliana Robinson: The routing problem is considered one of the hardest problems in computer science.
Lilliana Robinson: Our proprietary algorithm can churn through these permutations and generate an optimized schedule in seconds.
Lilliana Robinson: Next Alex dispatched those routes directly to his driver's smartphones. We made route optimization, that simple.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Show. Don't tell. We helped Alex reclaim 2 h of his work day, which he now spends growing his business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What's more, we cut its driving time and fuel consumption in half.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This allowed Alex to serve more customers without buying more trucks or hiring more staff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: In fact, Alex tells us that he has now doubled the number of deliveries he makes every single day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Isn't that amazing? I get really excited about this. You see, my story started 7 years ago when I wrote my thesis on Advanced Route optimization algorithms.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But instead of publishing papers, I want to apply it to the real world and make real businesses run more efficiently.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I assembled 18
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a team that is not only strong on product and design. With Andre, Stefano and Jonathan, we also have 16 years of sales and marketing experience between Andrew Suzanne and me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: When I was a consultant
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I built routing systems for large corporations, and along the way I learned something interesting about the industry.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me share it with you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: even though ups Fedex and the Us. Postal service have invested billions of dollars to build route optimization in house.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They only account for 6.5% of the delivery market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Then you have large corporations that can afford to pay consultants to implement enterprise routing software. But even if you take all 300 of the largest fleets in America, they still only account for 18.5% of the market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what about the rest?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: These are the 350,000 fleets with 4.5 million trucks on the road, and almost all of them are still routed manually.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They desperately need route optimization and Rotif is built to meet exactly this need.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Now, in the past there have been a handful of companies who tried to go after this market, but as soon as they gained any sort of traction they were immediately acquired by larger enterprises.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Their product and team were absorbed
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and their focus shifted up market, leaving behind a big hole.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Rotif is the only solution dedicated for the masses.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: These are some of our customers who already cannot live without us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We have a simple revenue model. We charge $39 per vehicle per month. That's nearly $500 a year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Our average customer has 8 vehicles. They pay us almost $4,000 each year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We've learned that it costs us $952 to acquire a customer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The acquisition cost is paid back within 4 months.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Now the only thing we need to do is step on the gas and get the word out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Here's how we go to market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We have 3 different approaches for 3 different segments of the market
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for small fleets. We rely on SEO and ads for fleets between 10 and 50 vehicles, the meat of the market. This is where we focus our direct sales and marketing efforts
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for larger fleets. We rely on channel partner integrations.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Channel pointers are awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They give us access to large fleets, and they do the selling for us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Vonnegut is a great example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They've integrated our Api into the vaudeville platform. And that's how we got national accounts like goodwill and habitat for humanity, using ratific every day
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in the last couple of months we've gained a lot of momentum with Channel partners, and we're very excited to be partnering up with these brands.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And with these 3 approaches. We've grown on average, more than 25% every month since the beginning of this year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is just the start of our journey.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We're on a mission
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to make route optimization accessible to every local delivery business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We are empowering people like Alex to operate just as efficiently as ups
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what we won't do is forbid them for making left hand turns.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: My name is Mark. We are artific. Come, talk to us. If you'd like to geek out on logistics.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: hopefully you all have a sense for what a good pitch can look like. I'd love to hear your comments on this unrotific. What did you like about it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What did you not like about it? What did you take away from it? What did you learn from watching it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Bob?
Bob - DubPrime: This guy had a fantastic narrative. I feel like he walked me through any potential questions I might have.
Bob - DubPrime: and broke down the answers to the questions before even asking them in a way that
Bob - DubPrime: talks to multiple different audience types, whether they're data driven or they're more emotional in how they decide, and I think his gestures, his hand motions, and the way he delivered it. The pacing
Bob - DubPrime: supported the narrative he was telling, and the sequencing very well, I think a plus plus.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I want a couple of things I want to. I want to
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: double down on. There is. I want to translate this to what you guys are doing. So you, if this were a Demo day pitch the way you guys are doing it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: he would have opened up with the market, and the problem
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in his verbal pitch probably told a little story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: He probably would have had a
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: video that would have showed how effective it was the trucks zooming around all the couple of those how their Mrr's grown, whatever that little you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Demo, of how it worked.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then in the Q. And A. We would have asked him questions that would have let him reveal his unit economics and his revenue growth.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and tied back at some point to the story that he told when he opened.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like you could have executed this whole thing as a pitch. 1 min, verbal, a 1 min video, and then 6 min, or whatever you have. 6, 7 min of QA. It wouldn't have been the same.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But the ideas are the same, and this is why I wanted to use this. So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Valeria, you had your hand up.
Valeria Brenner: Yeah, I was just gonna echo all what Bob said, but then also add on like you mentioned at the beginning, like, tie it all back. Close that loop! And he did that with the left hand, turn like it. It beautifully finished the story and then ended it on a lighthearted note, and I just did a really good job.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. Mel.
Malc: Yes, some domain of thinking. It's part question.
Malc: I'm curious when we get down to this 1 min format, because I think he did exceptional job with cadence. I think it was so smooth I think it felt. Really, I'm curious in a minute. How challenging that becomes to not be too fast. Not be too slow. Things like that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yep. So I think that the team at techstars has some videos of people who've done a really good job of it with the 1 min pitches.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And, Liliana, can you? Will you be able to share some of those.
Lilliana Robinson: But already.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Circle ones.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we already shared them. And
Lilliana Robinson: it sounds like some of you might have missed our session 2 weeks ago, but 2 weeks ago we had like a hour and a half session where we showed about 8 examples. So if you missed that, make sure you go watch the recording of that it was called Demo Day format walkthrough. Very important cause. We showed you our top ones.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And, by the way, a couple of people have pointed out that Mark did such a good job in his speaking skills.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in his pacing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Some things he slowed down, for when they're really important. Other times he talked really fast. When he got excited he changed his volume. It makes it so much more interesting for you to follow.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And again I will. Mark's a great guy. I still stay in touch with him. We email, you know, whatever we talk once every 6 months, he is a total nerdy, introverted Guy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like he is that guy who did his master's thesis on Route optimization for real, so anybody can do it if you practice enough, and you have the benefit of only having to practice for the 1 min pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The video is going to run by itself, and the Q. And a. You have to practice your answers. But that's a much easier format because the Eir is going to be prompting you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So, Bob, you have another question.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, I think it's it's aligned with what you said in response to my earlier comments, but also with what you just said, I'm I'm a little bit worried about the difference of effectiveness between what I just saw and having a different format where we do have a. A. QA sort of fireside chat style at the end. Personally, I feel like what I just saw is fantastic, and what I would love to have us be able to do
Bob - DubPrime: from an impact perspective. I don't know if we'll execute as well. But I'm curious what your thoughts are. If you have any data that says
Bob - DubPrime: the sort of QA. Format we're going for will or may not be as effective as what we just kind of witnessed.
Lilliana Robinson: You want to? Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I'll tell you, my.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, take it. And then I have some data, too.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'll I'll give you my take. So Neil first told me he was changing the. I am very biased. I like the 8 min pitches. There were some techstars, cohorts that in other cities that were doing 4 min pitches. I didn't think 4 min was enough to get your case across. We had, I believe, the techstar, Chicago. We had the best pitches. I will put
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: rotific. I've got a dozen other ones that are equally good. I'll put them up against anybody.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and Neil told me he was going to do this new format like I don't know. 3 years ago, 4 years ago, whatever it was, and I was so skeptical, and I went to that demo day, and I sat in the audience, and I was like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I walked away thinking, wow! That was pretty good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I'll tell you what I liked about it as someone sitting in the audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know, when we used to have 10 pitches in a row.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It was hard to keep the attention level to 10 good pitches that were all similar in format of person. Speaking a bunch of slides.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. Then we went to 12 companies. You're gonna have 24 or something like that that are gonna be out there up there on demo day, and it just gets hard to stand out, and it's boring to see 24 pitches in a row. But with the mix up of a personal
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: message that's delivered with no notes and no slides, like my name is Troy, and I'm here because I am so excited about my new company. I cannot wait to show you a demo of what we're gonna do. We are gonna take over the world. Blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! 1 min. Boom, Demo. Oh, that's cool. Then I got a bunch of questions in my head as the audience member. So boom! A bunch of those questions get answered in this format with the Eir.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then I go to the next one it because of the variation it made it so much easier to sit through and to watch, and I felt like I learned more about the entrepreneurs and what drove them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so I actually am pretty biased. I like this new format.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I didn't think I was going to. Well, Leanne, you said you had some data.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I remember when you were skeptical. So one it helps scale like Troy said, I don't wanna be redundant because I said all of this in the other workshops. So just stop me, Bob, if you've already heard this, but
Lilliana Robinson: with scale, it would be almost impossible to have everyone just sit through 10 min pitches for 24 companies, and we have scaled. So we used to have 10 companies, and then we had 12. And now we have 24. So it just
Lilliana Robinson: we started this before we even knew we were gonna scale like that, like we started when it went from 10 to 12, and the data that we shared was when we had to switch to virtual for Covid. In our very first one we started doing virtual demo days where they would record these 10 min pitches, and we put it out on a platform and share it. And then, when we started, seeing we did that 2 times, and what we started seeing was people stopped watching the pitches at 2 or 3 min because we had this software where we could watch and see when people pause, or whatever to help with
Lilliana Robinson: engagement like we couldn't really track what people thought of the pitches without that. And then people just didn't watch the whole pitches for like any of them. So that's where the idea sparked for me and Neil and Brad to think about this and like, that's kind of the data driven approach where people stopped watching it and don't want to come to demo days that have 10 min pitches anymore. They're much more engaged when you have, like a very versatile set on stage, and the whole point is to get
Lilliana Robinson: to that meeting. Where then, you will do the full pitch, and we have part of the data room curriculum that helps you build your pitch. It's the last module, and that's where you'll do this whole thing. So it's not like no one will hear any of that. This is just more engaging to even have that door open cause if we just do it boringly. You're not gonna get that next meeting. So I hope that's helpful, Bob.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, yeah, I think what I kind of not hearing specifically. But I guess I can infer it is that also
Bob - DubPrime: by having folks not stop watching a video. That means getting to that second meeting and actually converting on receiving pitches and receiving funding. The data should then also show the new format is at least as effective in terms of the point of pitching in in the demo day and and being able to raise. Is that what I.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And people were seeing a trickle off of their attendance. So when we came back in person, people were not as interested in coming to demo days at all. They had just tired of the format in general, so our peers in the other cities that were doing the old format, we're not getting the numbers that they normally did. And we were hitting consistent numbers of hundreds of people. So they started asking us, and other people started adopting it. And I can give you a list of other people who adopted it, too.
Lilliana Robinson: if you want to talk to their founders. But basically, it started catching like wildfire around techstars because they just couldn't get people to come to their events. So that's what ended up happening.
Bob - DubPrime: Awesome. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Back to you, Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. I think so. I want to talk about what next steps are. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we're going to be. Do the the best way that you can have an awesome pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is by developing that story iterating through iterating through. It's only 1 min. You're gonna have trouble getting everything you want into 1 min. Samuel Clemens, famous quote is, you know, I would have written you a shorter letter, only I didn't have the time. It is hard to be concise.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and there is an art to it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you should be starting right now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like literally tonight, tomorrow, with.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I want to think about my 1 min pitch. I would open up the slide tool of your choice Powerpoint keynote. Google slides.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'd be putting an objective on the top of each one. You could use no cards if you want, but getting that pitched on, what are the points I want to make and nailing it. Now wait! I realized I put the cart before the horse before you do that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you should have a big picture objective, which is, what do I want to accomplish with my 1 min pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What do I want to accomplish with my video?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And what do I want to accomplish with my Q&A.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The clearer you are on the objectives the easier the rest of the task will be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And it's okay for you to spend a couple of days just wrestling with. What do I want to accomplish with with each one of those pieces, because the clearer and more concise you are on those the easier each task will be, and then we'll break it down to the next section. So once you know what you want to accomplish with your pitch, you do what I just said once, E. Think of a slide as a chapter of your pitch, one slide for each one, it'll probably be 5. It could be 6 or 7 objective, maybe a couple of points, black and white, done.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Think about scripting out your demo, your video demo. What do you want to? You know what you want to accomplish? So do the same thing with it with bullet points. They don't have to be slides. However, you want to do it, but bullet points. You're telling a story with your video
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: nail that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you're going to have the opportunity for 4 or 5 questions to nail the last part which is usually selling into objections.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And this is the next step, and the team at techstars is gonna help you along with check ins and having you having you do certain pieces, please follow their their lead. Here I have some time on the calendar where I'm gonna be coming and checking in. And we're gonna do some pitch practice where you're gonna literally give your 1 min pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then I'm going to give you feedback and say, Oh, this was really unclear! What if we said it this way. What if we did? Whatever? You know, I don't have time to do that with you every day for the next 30 days.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you should be trying to get that kind of input every single day for the next 30 days. Anytime you have opportunity to to get someone to give you feedback on the pitch, you should be doing it from here forward, because the more times the more times you execute it, and the more feedback you get the better. But it's up to you. This is just like mentor madness. You're gonna get mentor whiplash. You'll have some people tell you to turn left. Some people tell you to turn right. Some people tell you, go up, go down, and it's your job
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to not just say, Okay, I should turn left. But to say, Why do you think I should turn left? Why do you think I should turn right? Why do you think I should go up? Why do you think I should go down because only you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: can make the ultimate decision about what the right approach is? And if you took everybody's feedback you'd have a Frankenstein pitch again, you'd have the arm from one, the head from another, the body of a third. So what's most important is that you have a single thread through each one of these events. I'll call them the pitch, the demo, and the QAA. Thread for the pitch, a thread for the video and a thread for the QA.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And that it's consistent, sharp, and tight
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, why don't we pause here for questions? And then we're gonna do a fun activity.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Good. I like fun activities.
Lilliana Robinson: Sure it's what we always do. It's so surprise for you.
Lilliana Robinson: Any questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Well, you can pop them in the chat while this is going on. What we like to do at the end here is that this workshop is your kickoff. So in order to help you and know where to start. I like to take the end of this, and while we have choice time just on the spot. Quick!
Lilliana Robinson: 10 to 15. Second
Lilliana Robinson: trial of a pitch without thinking too much for the sole purpose of you not having a blank page. So I will take volunteers. I'm gonna be nice today. Usually I just call on people but we're gonna take volunteers, Muta. I can always count on you to go first. I really appreciate it. We're gonna just go
Lilliana Robinson: for as long as you can. I'll stop you at a minute, because some people, when it's not planned will ramble, which is fine. And if you only have 10 to 15 s. That's good. If you get to a minute, that's also good. Troy will give you quick feedback, and then you can watch this recording and transcribe it, so that at least you have something to start with. If you don't wanna go at all today, you can watch your classmates to at least get an idea. So remember, don't start by introducing yourself by trying to grab our attention.
Lilliana Robinson: Have 3 things you want us to get. Oh, about your business and try to end with some sort of call to action. It's okay if you don't get to all of that because you're just doing it off the top of your head. But I appreciate the brave souls who have raised their hands. So, Troy, did you want to add anything else, or do you wanna just start.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Nope, go for it.
Lilliana Robinson: Amazing. Okay, Marjorie.
Lilliana Robinson: whenever you're ready.
Mircea Gogoncea: The average Us. Musician makes less than $20,000 per year in total income. And yet Taylor Swift earned over 1 billion dollars on her latest tour. Cicada helps musicians make more money from live music. We have already
Mircea Gogoncea: acquired 38 paying customers in 12 countries, and during testers we just figured out that the primary distribution method for our product and the primary decision makers in the live music business are music managers. Therefore we are now in talks with some of the world's largest music managers, including people who work at red light management, and people who manage tiktokers with over 1 billion views
Mircea Gogoncea: in order to implement Zaka into their live performances. We help musicians get paid for artists, for sorry for products and services at live concerts.
Mircea Gogoncea: and we help audiences foster a deeper sense of community with their beloved idols. That's Akada. Come, talk to me after the show. We've already raised $200,000 prior to this event, and we are now kicking off our next fundraising stage in order to bring this to the biggest music venues in the world.
Lilliana Robinson: That's amazing. That was about a minute. 5 s.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That was really good for off the cuff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I do think that you got a lot wordy you should go back and watch this. This has been recorded. You you tried to stuff too much. Oh, and we did this, and we did that. And we did this. What were the 3 points you were trying to make.
Mircea Gogoncea: People are using it.
Mircea Gogoncea: we are
Mircea Gogoncea: in talks with important customers.
Mircea Gogoncea: and it solves a big problem. But it's also 2 am, and my wife is leaving the next room without the door, so I'm trying to be quiet.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, all right. So I would try to tighten that up a bunch. I think that your opening was amazing, right? So the opening was, the average musician makes $20,000 a year yet. Taylor Slith made over a billion dollars last year. Why is there such a big discrepancy? We're going to help solve that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: now. I would probably have gone into something. I probably would have gone a little different tactic. I would have said, musicians are musicians because they love to make music, not because they're good businesspeople. That's why they hire managers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The problem is, the managers don't know what to do
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: let me introduce you to Cicada cicada partners with managers to help managers do their job better and make more money for musicians.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you don't have to explain everything. You want people to walk away from that conversation, Fee, or that presentation being like, I want to learn more. If you've told me everything, I don't need to learn more. I don't need to pay attention to the next thing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but you want them literally to be like, show me the demo I want to see how this thing works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and so if you just give them enough, it'll be great. And and I think you're off to a good start. And but everybody should think about this. You don't need to tell the whole story
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? The example I give people is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that it's sort of like the trailer to the movie. When you go to the movies and you see those previews, you've all seen the trailers. The good ones are the ones where you see the suspenseful plot. You see the cool, special effects, the sexy co-stars, and you're like, Damn! I gotta go see that movie.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you've also seen one where you see the suspenseful plot, the sexy co-stars, the cool special effects, and how it ends.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You're like, oh, I know how the movie ends. I don't need to go see it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You are trying to create a trailer. You want to leave some intrigue you want to. You want them to be like I need to learn more. And so in your sequencing in your pitch, you want to leave them with God. I want to learn more, so they'll pay attention to your demo in the demo. You want to them to be like. I want to learn more, so they'll listen to the Q. And A. And in the Q. And A. You want to touch on enough of it that it feels real, but leave them wanting more. So you get the meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I thought that was a very good first pitch. Alright.
Mircea Gogoncea: You so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Brian, let's go.
Burhan: Alright, can you guys hear me?
Burhan: Awesome. So Rhonda is an AI receptionist for dental practices every day? There's over a million Americans that are due for a dental appointment. Yet the vast majority of them don't actually end up booking. An appointment with the dentist.
Burhan: Second thing is about 30% of phone calls coming into a dental practice are best for receptionist. The bottleneck here is human capital. How many receptions can I get to make outbound calls and pick up inbound calls. That's why we built Rhonda with Rhonda.
Burhan: You can answer a hundred calls at once.
Burhan: and it directly integrates into your practice management system the best part of works 24, 7 every single day. She doesn't take a vacation, and she doesn't take any breaks.
Burhan: That's my patch.
Lilliana Robinson: That was good. That was 40 s. So you're almost all the way there
Lilliana Robinson: tripe.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So it was good. The media thing that comes to mind is why dental practices that seems like a small tam
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like it seems like, if this thing works, why is it unique to dental practices? Or why is this problem unique to dental practices?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so I I mean, and maybe it's okay to have that. If you answer that in your Q&A.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it's interesting. The other thing I didn't like. And I think this goes, this is really important.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You. So you put the problem out there that there are over a million people. Whatever your number was, there a million people who should have a dental appointment and aren't making one today.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so the problem statement was about the consumer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But your customer is the dental practice.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and that's who's paying you. And so there was a disconnect for me, because
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I if
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if the consumer were paying me, that would have made sense. But the dental practice is paying me. And so I think I wanna come up. I wanna restate the problem in terms of the dental practice. So if and I'm gonna make shit up. My numbers will be all wrong. But you could say something like, you know,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: dental practices are struggling today. There's high overhead, and they need patients. They need the patients to come in for the regular scheduled practices to make to make ends meet. Yet there are over a million unscheduled people who don't have scheduled dental appointments. Rhonda is our automated AI assistant who's going to help solve this problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: How does she do it? There's never a busy line. There's never an unanswered phone call. There's never an unresponded text, Rhonda, proactively. Whatever blah blah blah blah blah. So I would orient if you're gonna have a problem statement. It should be a problem for the person who is paying you. Who is your customer.
Burhan: No, I think that's great feedback. Definitely. I'll restate that problem.
Burhan: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I. These things apply to all of you right many times. People don't understand who the customer is right. The classic one is, people would say years ago would say, Oh, who's Facebook's customer? And people would say, Oh, it's all the all the people on Facebook. Well, now, it's really the advertisers. Right? The advertisers who pays them. The people are actually the prod. You and I are the product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so it's really important that you you 0 in on these things, because it will make it easier for the audience to understand that problem solution and to tie to tie the pieces together. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: make sure you really are crystal clear about who your customer is, why they are, why, they are paying you, you know. What is the job to be done.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let's go to next one.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright snow. Thank you, Brian.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, thanks. That was great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Great. Take.
Lilliana Robinson: For your penny.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah. So everyone uses churcht.
Snow Lee / Runbear: but only a few people use it for work in the right mode.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So think about where your staff spend most of your time during the work.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So that's the place where the chipt or AI co-pilot should live in, integrated to
Snow Lee / Runbear: so Plug Bear. Run bear helps companies to use chipt in their workflow, and we already have more than 50 paying customers, including Bcg.
Snow Lee / Runbear: And laser away.
Snow Lee / Runbear: The leaders of the companies, leaders of our customers succeeded in introducing cutting edge technology into their staffs, improving their work work performances.
Snow Lee / Runbear: We believe that
Snow Lee / Runbear: most most of the companies, more and more companies will utilize. Ai copilot for their workflows, and we are the one who can help them to utilize it
Snow Lee / Runbear: much better in their workflow.
Snow Lee / Runbear: We are looking for discussing further investment with you. So please reach out to me.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. That was a little over 1 min. Snow.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So now I have no idea what you do. I think you're a consultant.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think you're a consulting firm that comes in and does some consulting, and tells them
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: where they should use chat, gpt. What do you actually do? I'm guessing that's not what you do.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, so yeah, that's that's correct. We are providing the service no code service. So that non technical people can create custom chipt in their workflow.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So give me a concrete example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Give me.
Snow Lee / Runbear: They can build a people team AI assistant who can answer
Snow Lee / Runbear: Before they answer to the people so they can create AI assistance in their slack Hubspot or Microsoft teams.
Snow Lee / Runbear: so that they can do some work instead of them.
Lilliana Robinson: You have real customers.
Lilliana Robinson: right? So I think Troy wants you to. Do. You want him to explain like a real use case.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, so how's bcg, using this?
Snow Lee / Runbear: So Bcg is running their pipe pilot program with us. So they they built some
Snow Lee / Runbear: AI AI assistant who can answer to answer questions in the slack which there are customers their clients living in. So
Snow Lee / Runbear: they have 500 people in one slack channel asking bunch of questions to the Bcg people. The AI comes up and they built AI, using plugbare to answer that kind of questions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. I'm going to make stuff up. But I think what you're doing
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and your your fortune. 500 S. Are big companies are your enterprises? Are your customer right?
Snow Lee / Runbear: But yeah, we we have. But our major target is meet size, enterprise. And so around series.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so let me let me make something up. But let me try
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: mid to large mid to enterprise-sized companies have vast warehouses of data
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: about their customers, about operations, about how they work. But they've been previously inaccessible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: they have humans who answer it. Whether it's the Hr department, whether it's a research department whether it's as part of the sales process.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Imagine a world where an AI agent was trained specifically on the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: data that's within your enterprise so that it could answer anybody's question accurately, quickly and efficiently.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's what rumbar is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We take the data that the and then I would go into a very specific use case like Hr. For instance.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know, at Bcg, make make use a real one. But at Bcg, we have trained runbear on all of the documentation around human resources benefits, health insurance 401 K and all 98% of of employees. Questions are answered through slack instantly by runbare.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It saves Bcg money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It makes their employees happy, and it gets accurate information out. We make
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: companies more efficient.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. I gotta work on it. But does that was that sort of what you're doing.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Actually, our focus is more on about integrating the AI into the slack rather than building the AI itself. But totally I get that. What you mean.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But make it concrete and make it so. It's very clear why, a company wants you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: When you the description you gave, and go back and listen to it in the recording, if you want, it really sounded to me like you were a consultant.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So all right, let's go to the next one. We're gonna have to go faster because we're gonna try to get through everybody. And I have a hard stop at in 20 min.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Jaylen!
Lilliana Robinson: Applaud.
Jennifer Loh: Okay,
Jennifer Loh: There are nearly a hundred 50 trips booked annually.
Jennifer Loh: and
Jennifer Loh: people are going to top destinations around the world
Jennifer Loh: and destinations like Rome, where you go to the Coliseum, and there are lines out the door.
Jennifer Loh: and during our time at techstars we found that most of our travelers actually want to avoid these crowds and want to have more immersive and cultural experiences.
Jennifer Loh: So introducing Travaris, a regenerative travel platform that makes it easier for people to find and book immersive cultural experiences that
Jennifer Loh: that are good for people and planet.
Jennifer Loh: We believe travel can be a force for good, and it is time for change. Travaris, gives you access to unique, immersive experiences that allow you to fully engage with destinations, no matter where you go.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So let me take a pass at this one. I'm gonna make up numbers again. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: travel is a 2.7 trillion dollar industry globally.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and for most people going on that cruise or going to Cancun. And and you know, and going to Disneyland is totally fine.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for the top 2%, there's there's a small segment. 2% of the population really wants to do something different and wants to have an impact on the globe.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's that. And then we got to do the math about 2.7 trillion times 2%, which I think is 54 million. It's that 54 billion dollar market that we're going after. For the people who want something unique.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: traverse is the tool that gets them, that unique vacation that not only is different, but it's impactful. We're sensitive to the environment. We do. Blah blah blah blah blah. We are for the 50. We're doing this for the 54 billion dollars market of people who want to do something different, who don't want to travel with the masses.
Jennifer Loh: I like that!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I tried.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What I tried to do is make clear that there is this giant market. And even if you're only 2% of the giant market. It's still a really big market, right? And I do believe travel is over a trillion dollar market a year. It's that big literally. So these numbers will work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then talk about how you're different. Be polarizing like it's great. If you want to go to Cancun on a junket.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's not our customer
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right our customer, and it'd be great if you use concrete example. Our customer wants to spend 8 days in the rainforest in Costa Rica, picking coffee, beans, and, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: hanging out with the howler. Monkeys.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Whatever. But make it be some, you know. Make it be very clear who your customer is, and what they want.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and and then implicit whether you want to say it or not. One thing I was reluctant to do I almost said, oh, the top 1%. I was like, Oh, boy, you're going to get labeled with the like, one percenter kind of thing. But it really, this really is catering to people who have
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: more money or more looking for unique experiences, and you have to figure out how to say that without
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: feeling to elitist. Or maybe you want to feel Elitist.
Lilliana Robinson: The regenerative will help with that Troy, since it's like they give back to the community they're going to, you know.
Lilliana Robinson: or wherever it's it won't seem at as elitist, because it's like people trying to do good.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: So you guys should all watch back this recording because Troy has basically done the pitch for most of you, so I would watch it back and write it down, and then iterate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I I wanna be clear. Hopefully, I've given you some outline. You can always make it better like I mean, I've had. I get 60 s about it while you're talking about it. Alright! Is Dan next.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Dan Ponomarenko: Yes, unfortunately, there's no background music that they wanted to will start the opening. But everybody knows the sound of David Bowie under pressure.
Dan Ponomarenko: Right?
Dan Ponomarenko: So basically, that's my opening theme, like as I imagine it right now. And I'm start from
Dan Ponomarenko: pressure
Dan Ponomarenko: over half a million web agencies and digital specialists, and over 3.5 million digital specialists on worldwide
Dan Ponomarenko: live under the pressure of missing deadlines
Dan Ponomarenko: while working on web projects.
Dan Ponomarenko: And that apps
Dan Ponomarenko: but visual allows you to the visual allows you to collaborate visually while you're working on the websites
Dan Ponomarenko: and eliminate miscommunication all over communication while you're doing that
Dan Ponomarenko: with visual saves a customer on average half of the time. Just eliminate this process.
Dan Ponomarenko: on out
Dan Ponomarenko: so. But visual with visual already, have 600 accounts
Dan Ponomarenko: and customer love us.
Dan Ponomarenko: these customers and 115 countries, all all all over the world.
Dan Ponomarenko: 6.5 billion dollars industry.
Dan Ponomarenko: And we're here to raise 1 million dollars, but there is no pressure.
Lilliana Robinson: Good Andy, so I would say like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah. So the the fact that you're under pressure and you did the. But we have no pressure is a good way to put the bookends on it. That was awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Are you like canva for websites?
Dan Ponomarenko: Pretty much. Yes, so it you can collaborate on live web elements. So it it reduce that miscommunication with the words, when you actually.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Didn't you? I I don't think you did a good enough job of highlighting what the actual problem was, and who your actual customer is, and you know you you opened up with some big numbers, but you know, imagine if you opened up with something like, and again, my numbers are all wrong. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, last year in the Us. The average website cost 175% of how much it was quoted and took
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 4 times as long to develop.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's because they weren't using us. What's it called visa?
Dan Ponomarenko: Web, p. 0.
Dan Ponomarenko: Web, visio.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. That's me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They weren't using
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: web. What? Louisiana web? Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Web, vizio.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh, are you gonna have trademark issues with Vizio.
Dan Ponomarenko: No, we don't. We already registered it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. Anyway, that's because they didn't use web visio. You see, web visio makes the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: takes the communication portion of building web
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: product of building websites completely out of the out of the out of the equation, because everybody sees the same thing at the same time. But.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: etc. I don't know how your product actually works. But you need to set up the why. There's a problem and how you solve it, which was not clear to me at all
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I just kinda had to make up like, Oh, is this canva for
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for websites. But and it's also can't be for every website. So the narrower you get, and the more concrete of a use case you have, the easier it will be to imagine. So this is probably for marketing websites. Or maybe it's for e-commerce websites. Or maybe it's for, you know, blogging websites, I don't know, but it probably isn't for all 3
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right. You probably have a niche that you do really, really well. And so I would focus on what you do. Oh, what the specific problem! Why, these things cost more and take longer. And how you solve that problem.
Dan Ponomarenko: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What I focus on. Okay, Philippe.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright! Whenever you're ready.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Delete.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah, I'm here. Sorry about that. Okay, so surely you have had to renovate a space in your home and found yourself hesitating over the purchase decision, overwhelmed by the disorganized and over low offer of home decor products
Felipe - Gohaus: online in a highly fragmented and poorly personalized ecommerce market.
Felipe - Gohaus: This common frustration directly impacts the make up. Yeah of our clients, the retail ecommerce business, who continue to struggle with low conversion rates and high chopping caravan rates in an addressable market worth over 90 billion US. Dollars.
Felipe - Gohaus: To solve this challenge, we created Gohouse, an AI power platform that integrates seamlessly with retailers, ecommerce automatically categorize their products in the variety of styles with high precision, and immediately offers personalized suggestions for home decoration to their customers
Felipe - Gohaus: with warmer and chill. In just 4 months we capture over 7,000 users and achieve an impressive conversion rate of 3% double the 1.5% of the market. I am Felipe Co. Founder and CEO of Gohouse, and we invite you to join us in our mission to make home decoration accessible, affordable, and sustainable for everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: That was exactly a minute. It sounds like you've done that before, Felipe.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah, sometimes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, no, that was pretty good. That really was pretty good. But if I were to try to redo that, I think I would take a slightly different approach
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in that I would identify that there is a giant market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: By the way, I don't a little aside. This is for everybody
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you started out with. You've probably done a home renovation project before.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't like starting out with something like that, because what if I haven't? I'm like. No, I haven't. I don't. You don't know anything about me. I'm getting defensive automatically, right? That's why I don't like and asking the audience a question either as an opening. It can work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but it can also backfire. So I would rather state a fact that nobody can take sides with home. Renovation is A is a, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: whatever it is, 750 billion dollar marketplace in the Us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Boom fact, big market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You could then say the you know, the top 5% have access to home decorators who make that easy make the process easy. They come to you and they show you lay out 5 or 10 choices for every decision you have to make, and they come to you making it easy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Unfortunately, most of us can't afford that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: until now
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: let me tell you about our AI home decorating solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It does the work of the home decorator.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but it does it at a fraction of the cost, and it does it more efficiently. It's not biased by commission rates that it gets from various manufacturers. It's not biased by its own taste. It asks you a series of simple questions, gets a sense of your taste, and learns with every interaction
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what you like, and don't like, so that it can more quickly get you the right product at the right price, helping you save money and save time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I made all that up. But I think it's directionally what you're doing right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Felipe - Gohaus: Great. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I thought yours was pretty good. Think about the way I,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, think about some alternatives. So for everybody, once you get something you like. It's still valuable to test other approaches. And you're basically a B testing. And then asking, people, Did that resonate better? Did that hit hard? What were you confused about?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I would have made the analogy that your product
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: does the job of the designer at a fraction of the price, and does it better because they have access to every product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They are not biased, and they get smarter with every interaction with you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think Valeria will be their last one.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so, but I think we can fit 2. So, Antonio and then, Valeria, we have 8 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: let's go, Antonio. You're right.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Antonio. Okay.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I lost 40 pounds last year, thanks to better nutrition, more physical exercise, and better stress management.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: my apple watch and my smart scale. How many days journey to announce my physical well-being!
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: There is not such a thing today. There is not such a wearable today to measure my mental well-being. Yet we rely on most of our daily activities on our minds with 27% of us adults, so stress that they cannot function every day
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: anywhere. We are building the first wearable device for continuous monitoring, or your stress and anxiety.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: It wears, eg. Wearable measures. Your brain waves in our pattern, painting new mural coach AI AI neuro coach provides actionable feedback to announce your mental wellbeing. Every day
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we have a working prototype. We are raising our C round to help us cut these wires, and aware empowers individuals to take control of their mental well-being and lose their weight.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think I think your approach is right. I think you can do better with word selection, but I think the approach of opening up with, and and you know you opened up. You spent too much time in my opinion on your 40 pounds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know you can you? What if we said something like, you know, physical wellbeing is a multi, you know, a bazillion dollar market trillions of dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: weight losses. At the front of that I should know. I worked hard, and I lost 40 pounds with the last year, with the help of my apple watch and my fitbit, whatever blah blah blah!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But what about mental wellbeing
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that has been unaddressed until now?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Here is our device that does mental wellbeing through brain waves. Blah blah blah! I think that approach is really really good, because you're basically taking an existing known giant market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you're taking an existing known giant problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you're borrowing brand from the big market that this is going to be big market, and I think it's a really convincing pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's awesome. Alright, Valeria, you're up.
Valeria Brenner: Alright.
Valeria Brenner: There are over 25 million small businesses that exist and run entirely through Instagram. They post pictures of the items they want to sell and talk to customers and do the entire checkout process using Instagram's direct messaging feature. It's extremely inefficient for businesses to rewrite the addresses they receive into shipping websites, incomes, thriff a dedicated shipping solution that cuts these times down from an average of 2 h to 30 min for every 10 packages.
Valeria Brenner: Since launching in 2021. We've helped over 1,800 small businesses ship out over a hundred 30,000 packages. Today, we're looking to make some connections and have that next talk feel free to reach out.
Valeria Brenner: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: 35.
Valeria Brenner: Oh, my God! So short! Why does it fly by so quickly?
Valeria Brenner: The.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So that was very good. You were very concise. I know exactly what you do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the question is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so I have little nitpicks. You know you did the you did 2 h down to 30 min for every 10 packages. Why not? Just
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah. Why not? Just say we cut the time it takes to prepare and ship a package down by, we cut it by 75%,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? Because that's I think that's how the math worked right. We cut shipping, we cut shipping in preparation time by 75%.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Allowing. And then you have to give the. So what?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Allowing those businesses to spend more time on what they love.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: finding great products, marketing them, and dealing with their customers.
Valeria Brenner: Here to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I mean generally I think it was very good. It was super clear. I know exactly what you do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I liked it.
Valeria Brenner: Thank you. Thank you. How would what would I do with the other? I guess. 25 s other than the so what?
Valeria Brenner: Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You have to decide.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay? So you said something about 1,800 customers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So investors
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: are really looking for a trajectory. So the slope of the curve is more important than is where you are at this point. Because, let's say you had 2,000 customers 6 months ago, and you have 1,800 today. Should I be interested in you? Oh, no!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But if you went from 0 to 1,804 months I'd be ecstatic.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and so I don't know what the actual slope of your trajectory is, and whether you talk counted in customers or bag packages or revenue. But you know to be able to talk something about the trajectory and something about where you're headed.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: How long have you been doing this?
Valeria Brenner: Since March of 2021.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so you have been at it for a little while.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What do you have? A compounded growth rate for this year, like, what is your growth rate? Been the last 4 months of this year?
Valeria Brenner: Oh, right now, we're not focusing so much on growth. We're focusing on fixing a leaky bucket. So making our funnel more efficient. And we have been like
Valeria Brenner: touching on that. So do you think that would be like a better story to tell?
Valeria Brenner: And then, maybe because we are planning like a high growth phase starting like right around Demo Day, cause we're fixing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, everybody, plan.
Valeria Brenner: Don't!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Plans a high growth phase you have to. It's better to again, if you can show it. Prove it, don't tell it so, Liliana. Put something in the chat. You can always, you know, take that time and use that in your video. So you have a combined 2 min between your pitch and your video. If you only use 40 s in your pitch, you can use a minute 20 in your video.
Valeria Brenner: Gotcha. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's not wasted. Alright.
Valeria Brenner: Alright. So it's a lot to think about. Thank you, Joy.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Verse.
Lilliana Robinson: Closing thoughts from you, Troy. I think Bob has a quick thing. And we have 2 min left.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, I think you guys are getting it right. There's a pattern here. This isn't rocket science. It's about clearly stating your problem, making sure the audience identifies with the problem and understands who your customer is and understands how you're solving the problem. Not all the details, but oh, that makes perfect sense. If I were selling stuff on Instagram I wouldn't wanna spend 2 h like well, I wanna reduce my time spending packaging and and shipping stuff, because that means I can do more time like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: making that clear and then leaving them wanting for more. And the things that will want them for more are things like. If they understand you have a great trajectory. If they think you have a great future, etc.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We'll be back. I forget the day. I think it's either next week or.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it's different for port and starboard. So Troy is gonna come separately for each of you. So I don't remember the date. Do. Do you have a quick question, Bob? Try us to leave in 1 min.
Bob - DubPrime: No, I was gonna pitch our CEO is driving, so I was gonna give it a shot.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it do, do you? Wanna.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I gotta jump!
Bob - DubPrime: We're at time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you guys are welcome to stay, and Liliana is welcome to
Lilliana Robinson: Like to give you feedback. I have time.
Bob - DubPrime: Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I apologize. Alright. I do have to jump. I'll see see you all later.
Lilliana Robinson: See you later.
Valeria Brenner: Like God.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Try.
Jennifer Loh: Liliana, can you go back through the colors again? Because we have a lot of black shirts over here.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So I said, you guys shouldn't have like, black, white, and gray. That's like, How are they gonna find you in a crowd? This is just.
Bob - DubPrime: Personality.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm just saying like, why are you even wearing branded shirt like you should just wear like snazzy outfits at that point, you know, like dress dressed after like. The whole point of wearing the T-shirt is that it's like
Lilliana Robinson: bold and almost like obnoxious, because you're like tech founders and people. You want them to find you in the crowd? And you know there will be lights and like different color lights, and it'll be more dim than outside, and it'll be hard for people to find you. So that's like the whole point. I wanted to be very clear. That is just a a recommendation. Troy usually says that during this session I actually stopped openly requiring it after, like the first 2 times cause I realized that, like a lot of people are more comfortable wearing other things.
Lilliana Robinson: Some people just wear something really bright, and it's like a dress like some of my female Ceos have worn like bright pink dress or something, and they're like, Come, find me, you know, and I'll be in the pink back there, whatever it is like you just wanna be able to be seen.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, someone you saw you saw Shelley's. She wore an apron because she was doing a baking company. Someone else wore scrubs because they were doing medical supply company, you know. So it's like you just want to be recognizable. That's the whole point. It doesn't matter as much about the T-shirt. But for all of you putting black and white, I think that's kind of besides the point, even if it's not your actual branding like you might want to make T-shirts just for Demo Day. You have about
Lilliana Robinson: 3, 4 weeks. You could probably get some in to Oakland by that time. Just a suggestion.
Lilliana Robinson: But, Bob, the floor is yours. I want to hear your pitch.
Bob - DubPrime: Alright! I'm still in this format from love him or hate him. Elon musk
Bob - DubPrime: so
Bob - DubPrime: For many Americans a 400% Apr is the only credit product available to them through payday loans. Worse than that, they're unable to be underwritten by financial institutions who see them as too high risk
Bob - DubPrime: and untrustworthy.
Bob - DubPrime: In addition, since 2,019,
Bob - DubPrime: more than 19% of the Us. Population has moved below the 700 vantage score in in credit bans, and so even fewer people are having an opportunity to participate in the economy. Wouldn't it be great if we could eliminate not only bias, but also improve the performance of underwriters, and in the the credit space
Bob - DubPrime: the Prime provides AI powered underwriting as a service to financial institutions, credit unions and other Fintech companies to increase profitability, reduce bias, improve consistency, and lift up all the boats for all of us.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 min. Okay, cool. You got the perfect timing. I think there's a lot to do here. So that was a really good first pass. So for yours, it's really easy for yours to just get like Super, like people's eyes will glaze over because of how
Lilliana Robinson: much jargon there is, you know, it's deep financial terms, and all of that. And you want to keep everybody's attention. Even the people who know what you're talking about. I still wanna keep their attention, and I want them to know how meaningful this is like. It's not just another Fintech like you have a mission, and sometimes I've heard Vincent talk about it like
Lilliana Robinson: telling an actual story. Maybe you don't have to go into an actual story, but something like like we really believe everybody is, everyone should be have access to alone, or like something like that. You can tell a story like there was this
Lilliana Robinson: person who I don't want to make up a story, because I don't want to be offensive, because I don't know your customers, but like
Lilliana Robinson: someone who isn't able to afford a loan and like could have had this life. But they couldn't. Because of the problem that exists. We believe that shouldn't be the case. I wanna be careful because they're not your customer like, I know your B 2 B. So it would be like
Lilliana Robinson: much more trying to sell the mission as an attention grabber in like a sentence at the beginning. But I think that's worthwhile, because I don't want people to not get it in the first 10 s that you're a mission driven Fintech cause. That's what makes you guys different. That's what makes people's ears perk up because most Fintech are just like the money makers. And you guys are different because you have this other angle, which is extremely like valiant.
Lilliana Robinson: So I want that.
Bob - DubPrime: We also make money. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, and you'll get to that cause you had the rest of it. I'm talking in the first 10 to 15 s to even get them on your like on your page.
Lilliana Robinson: Is there something you can think of as like a hook.
Bob - DubPrime: Oh, yeah, totally. I got a a bunch of those like how many folks can't cover a unexpected $300 emergency like a flat tire car repairs or the number of
Bob - DubPrime: folks who
Bob - DubPrime: have mispriced debt, who can't participate like what body of opportunity exists there, but also the amount of decades, old underwriting practices where bias and discrimination are still prevalent because it's a human making a decision at the end of the day. Wouldn't it be great if we can improve the consistency and fairness in decision making, and open up
Bob - DubPrime: the economy to folks who have been excluded
Bob - DubPrime: before. Dub prime.
Lilliana Robinson: All of that was so interesting, so like, obviously, you can't take half the pitch to say all of that. But like I saw everyone's heads nodding like that was extremely engaging, and also tells us a lot more about you like there's a lot of storytelling there. A lot of the meat and potatoes should come during the QA. You should think of this as like, you're trying to give people the movie trailer. So they sit to watch the film, which is the next 5 min. The 1 min. Video 4 min. QA.
Lilliana Robinson: That's when Vincent can start just like lighting on fire with all of these numbers where it's like. Look, here's the market size. Here's what we're doing, you know, all of that. This should be a lot less of that you could pepper in one or 2, but it should be a lot more of what you just said. That was gold.
Lilliana Robinson: Just know. This is my opinion. When you come to pitched for Troy in a couple of weeks he might hate that, and then you can iterate again. But that's the whole point right. We want a bunch of wads of paper thrown on your office floor, because one at 1 point we'll get the perfect pitch
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Okay, thanks for saying after everybody, I'll sit for like 4 more minutes if anyone has questions. But thanks for your engagement. Remember that now you wanna go and start iterating on your pitch. We're gonna start having sessions where we're practicing next week. We're gonna talk about your demo day video, and at least have some sort of like storyboard to walk through. So just start working on it. Async, you can send us stuff. Just know this is the kickoff. So now it's expected
Lilliana Robinson: that you guys in the background are starting to iterate on this stuff, and we're always here to help
Lilliana Robinson: great work. And, thanks to everyone who pitched you all did a great job like seriously
Lilliana Robinson: talk to you later.